No, Zhang Tiancheng cannot be allowed to associate with the Ling family.
I finally became the head of the family and made the Ling family strong.
We can't let him come back.
The Winter King also asks you to ask him for his name.
The conversation I just had was just for fun,
You can wait until your husband comes back.
Thank you King Winter, I will leave cleanly.
Tomorrow you suppress me,
On the day of love, I will definitely make you more fruitful.
Someone comes, picks up,
Bei will come to take care of all the gods and kings,
Find out. Also, put you and a woman together,
Go to the giant yellow gray place to find out.
OK Absolutely
A general god king
You are so based on you
No hands at all
I think Bing must be very concerned about it.
Then I unexpectedly asked him to join my industry
It’s nice to be someone I can’t be inferior to.
I want to read your love words
How did I get him
Li enter this time Li An
It’s not that I don’t care in your eyes
You don't believe me no matter what I do
Zhan Tiancheng, have you had enough trouble?
Why do you have to cooperate in a big event?
I know you want to prove you're awesome
But you only know how to fight
But the value of your force
To be able to defeat Xiang Beijiang Tongue Wang Liang's progress
So that people will respect you, do you understand?
In fact, the most indispensable thing is thugs
Want to express yourself so much
But if you become the boss again, you can help me